The Energy Management System system shall control the heating and cooling units that are defined as part of the Energy Management System system. The definitions of the individual heating and cooling systems reside in an initialization file. The system shall read this file and the definitions shall be derived from the initialization data in the file.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall use the information contained in the initialization data file to determine which heating and cooling units are part of the Energy Management System system. There is one heating and cooling unit that corresponds to one thermostat in each of four quadrants on each of three floors of the office building.[END]
Each thermostat shall have a unique identifier by which that thermostat is identified in the Energy Management System system. This procedure will load these definitions into the Energy Management System software.[END]
Each quadrant of each floor shall have a thermostat which is to be used to provide temperature data to the Energy Management System system. The initialization file shall contain a unique identifier for each thermostat that the system is to monitor. These identifiers shall be read from the initialization file and loaded into the Energy Management System system during the initialization process.[END]
There shall be a maximum number of heating or cooling units that can be on at any given time. This procedure loads the maximum number of concurrently running units allowed.[END]
The maximum number of heating or cooling units that can run concurrently shall reside in an initialization file. The maximum number of concurrently running units shall be read from the initialization file and stored in the Energy Management System system.[END]
The trigger value is used in combination with the current temperature to determine when a heating or cooling unit shall be turned on or off.[END]
The trigger values shall reside in an initialization file. This procedure shall read the initialization file and establish the trigger value from the data in that file.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall ensure the temperature reported by a given thermostat shall not exceed a maximum deviation value of 3 degrees Fahrenheit.[END]
The overtemperature values shall reside in an initialization file. This procedure shall read the initialization file and establish the overtemperature value from the data in that file.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall only respond to temperatures that are within a reasonable value.[END]
The valid temperature range value shall reside in an initialization file. This procedure shall read the initialization file and establish the valid temperature range from the data in it.[END]
When the Energy Management System system is initialized, it shall first turn off all the heating and cooling units. Then, it shall check all the thermostats and determine if any thermostat’s settings require a heating or cooling unit to be turned on back on.[END]
This process shall first determine a known state of all the heating and cooling units by issuing a request to turn off all the units. It shall then read the current temperature values and current temperature settings of each thermostat. If the settings reflect a need for a heating or cooling unit to be turned on, the process shall issue a request to turn on the appropriate unit. This determination shall be made in accordance with the rules outlined in section 3.1.4.1 and 3.1.4.2.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall only respond to temperatures from the thermostats that are within the specified valid range.[END]
Two types of temperature data shall be recognized from the thermostats: 1) the temperature setting; 2) the current temperature. This module shall process both types of data.[END]
A current temperature value that is received from an individual thermostat shall be compared to the valid temperature range values. If the current temperature value is strictly less than the lower value of the valid temperature range or if the received temperature value is strictly greater than the upper value of the valid temperature range, then the Energy Management System system shall identify the current temperature value as an invalid temperature and shall output an invalid temperature status. Otherwise, the Energy Management System system shall output a valid temperature status.[END]
A temperature setting value that is received from an individual thermostat shall be compared to the valid temperature range values. If the temperature setting value is strictly less than the lower value of the valid temperature range or if the temperature setting value is strictly greater than the upper value of the valid temperature range, then the Energy Management System system shall identify the temperature setting as an invalid temperature and shall output an invalid temperature status. Otherwise, the Energy Management System system shall realize the value for that thermostat’s temperature setting.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall determine when a reported temperature or a changed temperature setting exceeds the limits set by the overtemperature values. Temperatures that exceed the overtemperature limits shall be reported as such. Temperatures that do not exceed these limits shall be output for subsequent processing.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall compare the reported temperature value to the temperature setting and detect when the temperature value exceeds the specified limits. To clarify these conditions, the following definitions will be used: 1) LO : Lower Overtemperature Value = TSET - OD 2) UO : Upper Overtemperature Value = TSET + OD[END]
If T < LO or UO < T then the Energy Management System system shall recognize this condition as the temperature limit has been exceeded. In this case this process shall output the condition of the temperature limit having been exceeded.[END]
If LO < = T < = UO, then this process shall output the temperature status.[END]
When the current temperature value exceeds the current temperature setting by a pre-defined amount, the Energy Management System system shall activate the appropriate heating or cooling unit.[END]
There are two conditions for each individual thermostat that shall be tested for: 1) the thermostat’s settings are satisfied; 2) the thermostat’s temperature indicates it requires a heating or cooling unit to be turned on. To clarify these conditions, the following definitions will be used: 1) LT : Lower Trigger Value = TSET - TD 2) UT : Upper Trigger Value = TSET + TD[END]
Condition 1: LT < = T < = UT. This condition indicates the thermostat’s current temperature setting is satisfied. If this condition is true, then the module shall output a request to turn off both the heating unit and the cooling unit.[END]
Condition 2: LO < = T < LT or UT < T < = UO. This condition the need for a heating or cooling unit to be turned on. If this condition is true, then this module shall output a request to turn on the heating unit if LO < = T < LT or the cooling unit if UT < T < = UO.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall control each of the heating and cooling units that are defined for the system. The Energy Management System system shall limit the number of heating or cooling units that may be running simultaneously.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall maintain the ON/OFF status of each heating and cooling unit. When a request to turn on or off a heating or cooling unit, the following processing will occur.[END]
When a request to turn on a heating or cooling unit is received, the system shall determine if the request can be honored. If the maximum number of heating or cooling units is already running, the request will be added to a LIFO queue. If the maximum number of heating or cooling units is not running, this process will generate a request to turn on the requested unit.[END]
When a request to turn off a heating or cooling unit is received, this process shall check the queue of waiting heating and cooling requests. If the queue is not empty, this process shall remove one request from the LIFO queue and check the current state of the thermostat for which the queued request was made. If that thermostat still needs a heating or cooling unit turned on, this process shall submit a request to turn that unit on.[END]
When a request for a heating unit or cooling to be turned is denied, an event shall be generated and the Energy Management System system shall record that event. The information in these events will be used for creating statistical reports.[END]
This procedure shall realize the thermostat and heating or cooling information and use this information to generate a specific system event. This system event shall consist of a description of the event type (a request denied event), a designation of the thermostat that made the request, and a designation of the heating or cooling unit that was not turned on.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall control the heating and cooling units that are designated as part of the Energy Management System system.[END]
When a request to turn on or off a heating or cooling unit is made, this process shall generate the appropriate request to carry out that request. This request shall include the designation of the heating or cooling unit and a flag to indicate whether that unit is to be turned on or off.[END]
Once a request to turn on or off a heating or cooling unit, the Energy Management System system shall provide the necessary control signal for the unit. This control signal shall also provide an indication of the unit’s status at the requesting thermostat.[END]
This process shall recognize the values for the requested heating or cooling unit and the ON or OFF status that is being requested. The necessary signal to the heating or cooling unit will be generated. Since the interface to control the units has not been defined, the part of this process that will issue the signal is designated as to be determined.[END]
In order to provide an indication of the status of the heating or cooling unit back to the requesting thermostat, this procedure shall output the status information of the heating or cooling unit.[END]
In order to provide an operational history and statistical reports, this process shall generate an event each time a change is made to the status of a heating or cooling unit. This event shall contain the identification of the heating or cooling unit whose status is being changed.[END]
There are two events that shall result in an alarm condition: 1) an invalid temperature value is reported from a thermostat, or 2) the reported temperature has exceeded the defined limits. This process shall determine which alarm event is to be generated.[END]
When the Energy Management System system detects a request for an alarm, this process shall detect which of the two alarms are being requested.[END]
If the system detects an invalid temperature, this process shall output a continuous series of alternating 500 Hz and 700 Hz beeps on the supervisor’s computer. Each beep shall have a three - quarter second duration. This series of beeps shall continue until the supervisor manually resets the alarm through the supervisor’s interface window.[END]
If the system detects a temperature limit has been exceeded, this process shall output a continuous series of alternating 1000 Hz and 1500 Hz beeps on the supervisor’s computer. Each beep shall have a one-half second duration. This series of beeps shall continue until the supervisor manually resets the alarm through the supervisor’s interface window.[END]
Each time an alarm is requested, an alarm event shall be recorded. This event shall be used to provide operational and statistical reports about the system.[END]
For each event that is generated, the Energy Management System system shall identify each event and generate the appropriate event data.[END]
When an event occurs, the Energy Management System system shall identify the event type and format an appropriate event message. The Energy Management System system shall record each event by a description and the current system time for that event. This information shall be recorded in a Microsoft® Access® database that shall reside on the supervisor’s computer.[END]
The Energy Management System system shall provide the supervisor a mechanism to change the temperature setting of any of the thermostats in the system.[END]
The supervisor’s interface shall display the available thermostats and their individual current temperature settings.[END]
The supervisor shall be able to select one of the thermostats and select a value for the current temperature from a list of valid temperatures.[END]
The Energy Management System shall provide the ability for the supervisor to select between two different types of reports: 1) the operational history of the Energy Management System system for the past twelve months; 2) a statistical summary for any selected month.[END]
The supervisor’s interface to the Energy Management System system shall provide a mechanism to select between an operational history report or a statistical summary report. Either report shall consist of an ASCII file whose location and name shall be selectable by the operator.[END]
If the operational history report is selected, the Energy Management System system shall select all the events from the event database, sort the events by date and time, and create the ASCII report file.[END]
If the statistical report is selected, the Energy Management System system shall present the operator with a list of available months from which to make a selection. After selecting one of the months, the system shall generate the ASCII report file. The statistical reports shall consist of the following statistics: 1) The percentage of time each heating and cooling unit was on for each day of that month; 2) For each thermometer, the ratio of the number of requests for a heating and cooling unit that was granted to the number of requests for a heating or cooling unit that was denied.[END]
