
The acos and acosf procedures shall use a rational approximation for the calculation. 
While CONFIGURE_INIT is defined, while rtems/confdefs.h is included in a translation unit after the definition of CONFIGURE_INIT, when the translation unit is preprocessed and compiled, the system settings defined by present application configuration options shall be statically allocated and initialized.
The acos and acosf procedures shall return Not a Number if the argument x is ±Inf.
When the caller provided filter handler returns a value equal to NULL, the thread queue ﬂushoperation shall stop extracting threads from the thread queue.
Each default directive option constant shall have a value of zero.
MicroPython shall support the following functions from the module gc, as defined in Python 3.4: gc.collect()  gc.disable()  gc.enable()  gc.isenabled()  gc.mem_free()  gc.mem_alloc()
The Basic mathematical Library shall provide best practices to develop an interface to access allits functionality from Ada.
When the Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_INTERRUPT_ENTRY_INITIALIZER is used to statically initialize an object of type rtems_interrupt_entry, the next member of the object shall be initialized to a value equal to NULL.
Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall be reusable and shall not make use of commercial third party software.
The _Mutex_recursive_Acquire_timed() directive shall seize the mutex as specified by/score/mtx/req/seize-wait.
The system shall provide a benchmark program to show the static memory usage of a basic application configuration with CONFIGURE_MAXIMUM_SEMAPHORES defined to one and calls to rtems_semaphore_create, rtems_semaphore_obtain, rtems_semaphore_release, andrtems_semaphore_delete.
The BSP shall define BSP_IDLE_TASK_BODY to bsp_idle_thread().
The system shall have a procedure to terminate the system.
The Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_SYMBOL_NAME macro shall expand to the ELF symbol name associated withthe C language identifier specified by the _name parameter.
The fabs and fabsf procedures shall return +0, if the argument x is ±0.
Let U and V be two tasks with distinct home schedulers. Let B be a time point measured by U right before a call to rtems_event_send which does satisfy the event condition of the waiting task V which is scheduled on another processor. Let E be a time point measured by V right afterthe first context switch after B. While the execution environment is below environments, while the task V waits for events, while the measurement sample is E−B, when exactly 100 samples are collected, the below limit kinds shall be below limit conditions.
The application configuration option shall define the maximum number of file like objects that can be concurrently open.
The software product shall have software architecture components containing the device drivers.
The application configuration option shall define the initial execution mode of the Classic Application Programming Interface initialization task.
The Basic Library shall implement the following additional procedures:deg2rad Procedure returning the radians value of a provided degree valuerem2pi Procedure returning the provided value reduced to the range [+0,2π]
Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall not loose results from previous runs. Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall archive the obtained test report along with platform information as a performed run results.
When rtems_cpu_usage_reset is called, the CPU usage shall be set to zero for each thread.
The application configuration option shall define the maximum number of Classic Application Programming Interface Timers that can be concurrently active.
The Basic Library shall contribute less than 100kB to the size of the final On-Board Software executable. 
The macro Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_XCONCAT shall apply all possible C pre-processor substitutions to its argument values before it concatenates the resulting values.
While the user extensions are iterated to invoke the thread terminate extensions, when an extension set is removed, the removed extension set shall not be a next extension set for any iteration in progress after the removal.
The super core shall have a component containing the object services implementation.
The application configuration option shall enable the initialization of the Clock Driver during system initialization.
When the code is compiled with the GNU C compiler, and the Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_PREDICT_FALSE macro is used as a conditional in if-expressions and loop expressions, and _exp after undergoing all possible C pre-processor substitutions is an integral expression, the macro shall cause the compiler to assume that by the percentage of cases defined by builtin-expect-probability the expression evaluates to 0.
Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall use the following type of input files:  - configuration files in XML format  - test cases written in in XML format.
The macro Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_XCONCAT shall result in the substituted argument values textually concatenated in the order _xleft and_yright.
When the code is compiled with the GNU C compiler, and the Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_WARN_UNUSED_RESULT macro is used as last part of a function declaration or attached to a function definition, and that function has a return type other than void ,and the returned value is not used, the macro shall cause the compiler to show a compilerwarning.
Where the target has an instruction cache, where instruction cache lines can be invalidated, where the instruction cache is not coherent with all bus masters, when the rtems_cache_invalidate_multiple_instruction_lines directive is called, the instruction cache lines covering the memory area specified by begin and size shall be invalidated.
The Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall provide loop and Multiple Condition Decision Coverage coverage data obtained while developing the test suite.
The application configuration option shall define the maximum number of Classic Application Programming InterfaceSemaphore that can be concurrently active.
While the system is initialized, if multitasking is started on a processor those index is greater than or equal to the processor maximum defined by the application configuration, then the system shall terminate with the Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_FATAL_SOURCE_Symmetric Multiprocessing fatal source and the Symmetric Multiprocessing_FATAL_MULTITASKING_START_ON_INVALID_PROCESSOR fatal code.
The software architecture shall have a component containing the Signal Manager implementation.
The non-default task mode constants shall have unique values.
Two logical repositories will be used for the configuration management activities:  x the development repository: this repository will contain and handle the version control of the complete project data as it is been developed. x the master repository: this repository will contain and handle the baselines of the Configuration Item as listed in the Configuration Item List.
The system shall provide a benchmark program to show the static memory usage of a basic application configuration with a call to rtems_task_wake_after.
In the C source code of MicroPython cross-compiler and Virtual Machine, any language feature out of scope of the requirements defined in the present document shall be disabled by C preprocessor directives.
The test cases of the Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall have reference output values that have been produced with an arbitrary precision mathematical software set to a higher precision than 64 bits.
The system shall provide a benchmark program to show the static memory usage of a basicapplication configuration with a call to rtems_fatal.
The grlib_store_16 directive shall store the unsigned 16-bit value specified by value to the address specified by address.
The ceil and ceilf procedures shall compute the smallest integral value not less than argument x.
While the system is initialized, if the data cache snooping is disabled on a secondary processor, then the system shall terminate with the Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_FATAL_SOURCE_BSP fatal source and the LEON3_FATAL_INVALID_CACHE_CONFIG_SECONDARY_PROCESSOR fatal code.
When the code is compiled with the GNU C compiler, and the produced target file format is ELF or a.out, and the Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_WEAK macro is part of a function definition at global scope or variable definition at global scope, and there is another symbol at global scope with the same name as the above mentioned function or variable, and this other symbol is not defined with the Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_WEAK macro or otherwise defined or declared weak, and both functions or variables have the same type, and in case of variables both variables have the same alignment and storage size, the macro shall cause the code to behave as if the function or variable defined with the Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_WEAK macro does not exist.  
The result of rtems_object_get_local_node shall be equal to the local node number.
The sqrt and sqrtf procedures shall return Not a Number, if the argument x < -0.
The application configuration option shall define the maximum thread-local storage size in bytes.
When_type is a non-volatile pointer type, and _var is a pointer to a value of volatile type, and the types of _type and_var are compatible in the sense of C, the macro Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_DEVOLATILE shall result in an expression which returns a pointer of type _type pointing to the sameaddress as _var.
The round and roundf procedures shall return Not a Number, if the argument x is Not a Number.
The system shall provide a benchmark program to show the static memory usage of a basicapplication configuration with calls to rtems_clock_set and rtems_clock_get_tod.
The application configuration option shall define the name of the default scheduler.
The apbuart_outbyte_polled directive shall wait until the transmitter FIFO is empty and then write the characters specified by ch as an unsigned 8-bit value to the data register of the register block specified by regs.
Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall provide structural coverage information for execution of the unit tests .  special coverage report will be generated containing at minimum:  - code coverage % per test - code coverage % global per function - coverage summary
The application configuration option shall define the stack allocator allocate handler.
The exp and expf procedures shall calculate the base eexponential value of their argument x.
The macro FALSE shall result in the text 0.
MicroPython shall support the following function from the module array as defined in Python 3.4: array.array(typecode[, initialiser])
The Basic mathematical Library shall provide float (32 bit floating-point) and double (64 bitfloating-point) versions of the procedures.
gdb shall be the software interface between Basic mathematical Library Test Suite and the target platforms. It will be used to execute the Test Suite Executable on the target.
The application configuration option shall define the minimum stack size in bytes for every user task or thread in the system.
The MicroPython Virtual Machine and compile chain shall allow building MicroPython Virtual Machine without support of memtime  and rtems  modules/submodules
The Application Programming Interface shall contain the application configuration interface.
The _name parameter value shall be expanded by the C preprocessor.
The Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_INLINE_ROUTINE macro shall evaluate to the keywords static inline or static __inline__ which ever variant is available to the used compiler.
The trunc and truncf procedures shall return the argument, if the argument x is ±0 or ±Inf.
The Basic mathematical Library shall provide best practices to develop an interface to access allits functionality from Simulink.
Processors which failed to start shall not be marked as online.
The pow and powf procedures shall return -0, if the argument x is -Inf and the argument y is an odd integer < 0. 
Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall not make use or depend on commercial third party software. If necessary, free and open source tools may be used integrated in the testing framework.
The output of Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall be:  - Details result files (ASConfiguration ItemI / csv format) describing inputs, outputs, expected values, etc - High level report documents (HTML, XML format) describing global information. Detail test report files in csv format contains: - Input values - Expected values - Obtained values - Errors (ULP, absolute, relative) - Execution time
The super core shall have a component containing the implementation specific to the target architecture and target.
The coding rules used for C development in Basic mathematical Library Test Suite shall follow the “The Power of Ten - Rules for Developing Safety Critical Cod ” defined at: http://spinroot.com/gerard/pdf/P10.pdf    
The atan and atanf procedures shall return ±π2 if the argument is ±Inf.
When the code is compiled with a C compiler and the __STDC_VERSION__ symbol is defined with version 201112L or higher or the code is compiled with a C++ compiler and the __cplusplus symbol is defined with version 201103L or higher, when the argument_type_name is an array type with none constant size expression, the macro Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_ALIGNOF shall not evaluate the size expression.
The log10 and log10f procedures shall return Not a Number if the argument x is finite and less than 0 or x is -Inf.
The fmod and fmodf procedures shall return Not a Number, if any argument is Not a Number.
The MicroPython Virtual Machine shall be qualified with requirements of ECSS CAT-B, as defined in [AD02] and [AD03].
The macro Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_XSTRING shall apply all possible C pre-processor substitutions to its argument values before the result of this substitution is converted to a string formed by the C pre-processor #operator and the macro results in this string.
The application configuration option shall define the initial priority of the Classic Application Programming Interface initialization task.
The sqrt and sqrtf procedures shall return the argument if the argument x is ±0 or +Inf.
The rtems_configuration_get_maximum_barriers directive shall return the maximum number of objects managed by the @ref Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor SystemsApplication Programming InterfaceClassicBarrier that can be concurrently active.
be raised and the C function starting the Virtual Machine execution shall return the given code-value bitwise ORed with 128.
The atan2 and atan2f procedures shall return ±0, if the argument y is ±0 and the argument x > 0.
When the directive is called, maskable interrupts shall be disabled on a processor which executed at least one instruction of the directive.
The software product shall take the errata 20 (Technical Note on LEON3FT RETT RestartErrata) into account.
The super core shall have a component containing the Earliest Deadline First Symmetric Multiprocessing /glossary/scheduler implementation.
The Basic Library shall provide a justification for not respected required rules in MISRA C:2012[RD06]. 
The Software Development Environment shall provide a simple means to load and execute a given bytecode file on a given LEON2 target.
While the timehand used to get the time was not updated for one second or more, while the timecounter of the timehand did not overﬂow, the directives to get time values in the highest resolution shall return the correct time.
The exp and expf procedures shall return the argument if the argument x is +Inf.
The system shall provide a benchmark program to show the static memory usage of a basic application configuration with a call to rtems_task_get_scheduler.
The acos and acosf procedures shall return +0 if the argument is +1.
The Basic mathematical Library shall provide the following procedures: sin, cos, tan, asin, acos, atan, atan2, floor, ceil, round, trunc, hypot, sqrt, fmod, remainder, fabs, signbit, modf, exp, pow, log10, log, fmin, fmax, isfinite, isinf, isnan, and copy-sign.
When the code is compiled with the GNU C compiler, and argument _var is an automatic variable or function argument, and the value of that variable or function argument is of a type which fits into a register, the Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems_OBFUSCATE_VARIABLE macro shall prevent the compiler from performing optimizations based on the variable value.
The timecounter component shall provide the CLOCK_REALTIME.
The BSPs shall be a software architecture component containing the implementation specificto targets and devices.
While a thread is suspended, the thread shall not reconsider help requests.